1. What is .gitignore? You can write the answer either in Korean or English.
Basically, .gitignore specifies to the git untracked files that it should purposefully ignore. This can be done by creating a .gitignore file and one lists the directories and names that one does not want the git to read. For example, by including a blah/** I exclude all files inside any directory with the name abc, furthermore this method can be done in several ways and a few examples are where /blah2 excludes the folder blah2 in the directory. Basically, the .gitignore is a method used by programmers in git to make sure certain files and directories that one does not want the git to midfy or track to be 'forcibly' untracked by the git system through in a sense listing them on a black list.
2. Why do Github users need an SSH key pair? (Users can use either SSH key pair or github account info.) Please write down a brief explanation of SSH key.
Basically, the real reason behind why Github users need an SSH key pair is that through the usage of SSH keys users can connect and authenticate to ones server and git services without the supplying of a username and passwords through the confirmation of the matching of the public key in th eonline server and the private key in the offline server. Therefore, the SSH key ensures that there is an extra layer of protection for the server against unwanted interventions since, private SSH keys are practically impossible to reverse engineer from the public server SSH key ;therefore, it is very hard for someone to edit online private servers ,hence SSH key pairs are a better alternative than, the conventional username and password system.
A simple explanation for an SSH key is that it is an encrypted type of authentication code that comes in pairs of public key , in the online server, and a private key in the computer the programmer is using. This is made in such a way that any authentication required for the computer to edit the program online is done through the methods of confirming whether the public key and private key are matching.